Terminology (#304)
OpenConext/OpenConext-profile: README.md

the IdP is configured. Profile will not (yet) attempt to retrieve the value for that attribute. But will show only a
summation of the attribute names for each given source. 

> When a new source is added in the Application Registry (or Manage) it must also be added to Profile.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a new source is added in Manage it must also be added to Profile.  
```

1. Add translation entry in `translations.html.twig`. At the bottom of the file:
    ```twig
    {{ 'profile.table.source_description.voot'|trans }}
    {{ 'profile.table.source_description.orcid'|trans }}
    {{ 'profile.table.source_description.sab'|trans }}
    

>     {# Add your new source here, make sure the source name complies with the sourcename specified in the application registry. #}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {# Add your new source here, make sure the source name complies with the sourcename specified in Manage. #}
```
